
https://codepen.io/bchoi562/pen/VwaOmGV?editors=1100


 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
		Semantic HTML is html elements that are clearly described as what they exactly are for other readers/developers.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
		HTML is used for making websites.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
		Attributes define the properties of an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
		 h1 tag is the largest size for a heading.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: 
		The "img" tag requires src attribute. The "a" tag also requires a link or 'href'.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
		<!doctype html>
    7. What is an id? 
		An id is a specific attribute used for css.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
		You can add an id to things like h1, p, or other elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?  
		Just once.
    10. What is a class? 
		Class is something that is a little less specific than id as it can be used more than once.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
		class can be added to similar elements that id can add to.  <p>, <h1>, etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
		As many times as I want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 
		Add target="_blank" inside the a tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
		To add a description for the image.
    15. How do I reference an id? 
		with the "#" sign.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
		Section defines or groups one section together to be attributed. Div is just a container.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
		To style different attributes to certain text/image in html.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
		h2{
			}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
		Class can be used multiple times and an id is for one specific instance. 
		Example: p .section1{
					color:red;
					}               this would change all paragraphs with section1 class to red. 

			p #intro{
					color:blue
					}               this would change only the intro part inside paragraph tags to blue.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
		You select classes by adding "." and then class name. 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
		p .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
		<P> can be a parent and #intro (an id attributed as intro) can be the child selector.  This could be useful when you're changing the font of all <p> tags, but want something different for the intro. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
		div.sidebar{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
		Pseudo selector is something that starts with a colon.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
		line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
		letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
		text-transform:uppercase;,lowercase;,capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
		div{
			border:1px;
			border-style:dotted;
			border-color:black;
			}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
		*{
			}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
		*/ /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
		pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
		ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
		rm filename. You have to be careful because there is no warning. It immediately removes the file. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
		Because if multiple people are working on the same file, it will help save the original master file and have different saves per person. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
		Whenever something significant is changed/added. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
		git push -u origin Firstname-Lastname

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
		Fork repo that you want to change/add to
		Clone the forked repo in git bash.
		Make changes, then check with command: git status & git diff
		Add changes with git add .
		Commit added changes with git commit -m "message here"
		Push changes with "git push -u origin Firstname-Lastname
		Go back to my github and go to my Firstname-Lastname and make a pull request while adding comment to it. 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 
		inline element won't make a new line break. Block element will. 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 